everybody was going on play here so this
is the first leg of the Armenia trip
which is getting picked up in a car I
got Miguel here driving hey Miguel
what's up right now we're going to LAX
we're gonna meet up with Sona and Conan
and Sweeney sone explain where we're at
right now we are at LAX Airport on
Bradley International Terminal it's
really nice first we're gonna go to
Dubai that's right we're gonna go from
Dubai to Yerevan Armenia oh when do we
get to Ireland
[Music]
I've got about two hours to get on the
flight it's actually super cool you can
see different cameras on the plane so we
can actually see beneath this I think
we're about to have breakfast this is
just the beginning it feels like
for about a week ladies and gentlemen a
very warm welcome to the white
International Airport where the local
time is just approaching 7:30 in the
evening and the outside temperature is
25 degrees Celsius
planted in Dubai next up Armenia your
homeland are you nervous I'm nervous
because I think that I'm gonna cry a lot
[Music]
right welcome to our meeting yes he just
arrived like 20 minutes ago and
we're here in the Marriott in the center
square of a Yerevan and we're getting
ready to go on our first shoot today
we're gonna be doing Market Place and
also I think a disco there's gonna be
fun so Sona where are we what are we
doing there where are you going what we
are in Yerevan it's yet a Monday so they
set up like a whole stage that's their
national anthem each business though ah
yes yeah I love em well we're gonna go
shoot some stuff we're gonna go shoot at
a market place and then Conan's gonna do
a cameo in a television show it's just
gonna be interesting
[Music]
here in its market beautiful market the
smell in here it smells delicious the
spices and food I'm starving I wish I
eat more breakfast ever nearer super
nice and we're having a great time this
is our first day shooting the name of
the game when we shoot stuff like this
is stay out of the way it's a huge group
of people as you can see right behind me
who basically walk and back of the
camera as Conan strolls towards us
can you code in some coffee and then you
just gave us a lot of I mean I don't
know how it would it's club it's like a
apricot fruit roll-up and it's really
good what do you call it call it to to
love us do to love it
I have a sorry miss you're shooting
you're from Australia
we get a lot shot today we've moved on
from the market and now we are at a
vintage car parade a lot of the Soviet
era which is pretty awesome
Coenen and crew are back over here
shooting stuff
a high likelihood of death
wait that actually hit the fence yeah
every seems to be fine
think I go back again well we got our
winner
[Music]
thank you everybody's working very hard
and we appreciate all your hard work
thank you for helping us do this I think
it's gonna be a really good program of
our Victory Park
Conan's shooting a cameo in an Armenian
soap opera and the end
yeah what fozzy you'll have a cigarette
Conan plays head of a mob he's a
benevolent the cool boss he's gonna
choreograph a fight and run through it
and then shoot and I think they do
everything in one take it doesn't seem
like they that's great yeah very good
game please um thank you very much Lexi
what one show he's doing yeah yeah yeah
it's an honor
yeah thank you she's shirt is fantastic
we did this one yeah that's just my
character wouldn't wear that shirt no
yeah they're setting up the camera track
here
I think Conan's getting some makeup
right now and to see how well he can
improvise on Armenian television
[Applause]
Coenen just did a cameo on Armenian soap
opera it was awesome it's really cold
outside we're all exhausted but outside
of our hotel there's a giant wave going
on because it's the birthday of the
capital of Armenia all right
it's ona first day of our media what's
one thing that's surprising you about
being in our mean I think it's
familiarity and I think the people
you're so great
but all my Armenian friends and family
and people I know back home are really
great so it's just sort of an extension
it makes me feel like it's just part of
who we are to just be very welcoming
even tall giant Irish men who act
stupidly I'm so tired I'm so tired I am
so tired what are we doing today
anyone know Armenian a lot of sugar
remotes is waiting around right guys
[Music]
[Applause]
you want to explain what we're doing
today I might be the last guy who know I
know it involves dance and an ancient
temple but I think Sona and I are going
to get a traditional dance lesson from a
woman who's quite famous
she's just described to us as the
Armenian Michael Flatley we're going to
teach Conan Armenian folk dancing and we
picked the temple of garni to shoot it
at which is an old Greek temple great
all right just tell us where we are
we're at the temple of garni which is
what garni know what is it I don't know
about it now what are we gonna do
singing garni he's gonna learn how to
shepherd sheep herd some sheep I believe
the only way to get up there is in these
very small cars or by fours there's only
enough room for a few of us to go all
right we're ready the cars can go yeah
so it's only 90 minutes
no I know it's two kilometers it's too
cool Elsa what is that a mile of it yeah
they do make cars that are bigger than
this how you guys doing over there
pretty good guy really well where the
Sheep you see some other sheep over
there see brown things on there son
I have to get those brown things in the
hillside single sheep we did it we're
here to herd sheep
we had an harrowing journey here with
these russian-built Ladas they're called
when you think the front is and what's
the back way you know what it probably
doesn't matter like we get down there
and start helping yes all right the
sheep herder remote is done now we got
to get back in the car
manly of this guy sort of badass right
just cigarette in one hand rates in the
other
[Music]
all right so we are here in a private
home Jose what's going on what are we
gonna shoot here we're gonna shoot
learning how to make lavash which is a
flatbread that we just enjoyed and over
here we have a giant pit of fire in the
ground whoa what is this what am i doing
yes homemade made on the premises
it's really good and also extremely
painful
yeah happy birthday Sona
thanks Lane what are we gonna do your
birthday for Armenia well the nice thing
about being on an elevators we know
we're not being recorded
[Music]
we are gonna try and shoot a bunch of
things today we are at a carpet museum I
think they also sell carpets Conan has
promised Sona and so does parents that
he's going to buy a rug for her is it
less expensive more expensive I love it
it says 1884 how much is that rough
right there I don't actually know
everything what we're doing here yeah I
don't know I keep hearing a specific
word that is giving me anxiety that word
is magic these are Sonos grandparents
they want Sona to marry an Armenian man
today
like today that's interesting that's a
beautiful picture
he's wearing a Ralph Lauren jacket it's
either a scarf or he's about to have a
lobster dinner
we've been doing a lot of stuff today we
went saw a matchmaker to try and get so
a husband that did not go well as most
the people we saw we're murderers come
it's got to go on to our mean Ian
late-night talk shows tonight so that'll
be fun
I like these guys I don't know what they
do biggest guest we've ever had on this
show like the guy who used to be the
biggest kiss before today was Sarah
Jenkins brother sings okay elephant in
the room bobbleheads yes
but bob has gone and where is our boat
stick of bias oh you know I wasn't
always just a cab driver in Russia in
Moscow I was a powerful oligarch I ruled
thousands thousands
[Applause]
Conan O'Brien
[Music]
dont't a criminal who bars a vehicle
highest an my assistant Sonam of seccion
mm-hmm her family is of Aramis dentist
animal city on high cotton selenium
integrated Megan our highest on yes
tenacity vodka
[Applause]
let's see what do you do alright so our
last day here in Yerevan so before we go
we're getting a few quick shots one of
them is at the Cascade steps right
behind me it's hard to really see the
scale from where we are but there's a
person right there well this I think is
the end of the road we are now going to
fly to Dubai and then from Dubai to Los
Angeles highlights my birthday dinner
was great there was a lot of kids
especially that are very sweet
incredible trip funny sweet emotional
everything
all at once and so glad we did it I
sleep I think we all need to sleep
[Music]
you